# Code of Conduct

DjangoCon US is dedicated to providing a fun harassment-free conference experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion.

Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down other attendees. Behave professionally.

Remember that harassment and sexist, racist, or exclusionary jokes are not appropriate for DjangoCon US.

Attendees violating these rules may be asked to leave the conference without a refund at the sole discretion of the conference organizers.

Thank you for helping make this a welcoming, friendly event for all.

## Full Code of Conduct

_To make clear what is expected, all delegates/attendees, speakers,
exhibitors, organizers and volunteers at any DjangoCon US event are required
to conform to the following Code of Conduct. Organizers will enforce this code
throughout the event._

### What the conference is

DjangoCon US is a community conference intended for networking and
collaboration in the developer community.

We value the participation of each member of the Django community and want all
attendees to have an enjoyable and fulfilling experience. Accordingly, all
attendees are expected to show respect and courtesy to other attendees
throughout the conference, at all conference events, and in all conference
online spaces (such as Slack), whether officially sponsored by DjangoCon US or
not.

### Be Kind To Others

Do not insult or put down other attendees. Behave professionally. Remember
that harassment and sexist, racist, or exclusionary jokes are not appropriate
for DjangoCon US. Attendees violating these rules may be asked to leave the
conference without a refund at the sole discretion of the conference
organizers.

### Be Respectful

Not all of us will agree all the time, but disagreement is no excuse for poor
behavior and poor manners. We do not tolerate harassment of conference
participants in any form.

Harassment includes: offensive verbal comments related to gender, gender
identity, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size,
race, religion; sexual images in public spaces; deliberate intimidation,
stalking, or following; harassing photography or recording; sustained
disruption of talks or other events; inappropriate physical contact; and
unwelcome sexual attention.

## Choose Your Words

Be careful in the words that you choose. Remember that sexist, racist, and
other exclusionary jokes can be offensive to those around you. Excessive
swearing and offensive jokes are not appropriate for DjangoCon US. We are all
adults, capable of having adult conversations. Preface your presentation with
appropriate Trigger/Content Warnings, if necessary.

All communication should be appropriate for a professional audience including
people of many different backgrounds. Sexual language and imagery is not
appropriate for any conference venue, including talks.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply
immediately.

Exhibitors in the expo hall, sponsor or vendor booths, or similar activities
are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular, exhibitors
should not use sexualized images, activities, or other material. Booth staff
(including volunteers) should not use sexualized clothing/uniforms/costumes,
or otherwise create a sexualized environment.

## Photography

In order to make DjangoCon US 2021 a great experience for everyone, do not
photograph, video, or audio record anyone at DjangoCon without their express
permission, sought in advance. If someone does not want to be photographed,
video or audio recorded, please respect their wishes.

Crowd shots are permitted, but when only the faces of a few people are
visible, permission should be sought from all of those individuals.

_If a participant engages in behavior that violates this code of conduct, the
conference organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including
warning the offender or expulsion from the conference with no refund._

## License

This Code of Conduct was forked from the example policy from the [Geek
Feminism wiki](http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Conference_anti-
harassment/Policy), created by the Ada Initiative and other volunteers. which
is under a Creative Commons Zero license.

Conference Code of Conduct by
[2021.djangocon.us/coc/](https://2021.djangocon.us/coc/) is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported
License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).
